Cachix (#459)
NixOS/ofborg: README.md

See also: https://github.com/NixOS/ofborg/wiki/Operating-a-Builder

## Hacking

```
git clone https://github.com/NixOS/ofborg/
cd ofborg
nix-shell ./shell.nix
cd ofborg
cargo build
cargo check
cargo test

> ```

Reviewer: I'd also add running `nix-shell --run checkPhase --arg useNix1 false -A mozilla-rust-overlay` from the root of the repo (taken from `.travis.yml`) because that's where most of my build failures came from x)

Author: Done

See also: https://github.com/NixOS/ofborg/wiki/Operating-a-Builder

## Hacking

```
git clone https://github.com/NixOS/ofborg/
cd ofborg
nix-shell ./shell.nix
cd ofborg # enter subdirectory with Rust code
cargo build
cargo check
cargo test
```

Be sure to test your changes by running the following commands from the root of the repository:

> \```

Reviewer: Don't forget these backslashes (they were just there to let the suggestions block be properly actionable).

Author: I see, was wondering about it :)

nix-shell --run checkPhase --arg useNix1 false -A mozilla-rust-overlay
```

Currently there's no way to set-up a testing instance easily.
Send a PR if `check` and `test` are passing. Make sure
to format your code with `cargo fmt` and check for additional
warnings with `cargo clippy`.

> To disable warnings as errors run
> 
> ```
> unset RUSTFLAGS

Reviewer: `unset` doesn't exist in the fish shell, so let's make this slightly more generalized:

```suggestion
To disable warnings as errors, run your command with an empty `RUSTFLAGS`. For example:

\```
RUSTFLAGS= cargo clippy
```

(I don't know how to escape triple backquotes inside triple backquotes, so I put a literal backslash in there, meaning you'll have to change this manually rather than just apply my suggestion...)

```

> which are set to `-D warnings` by `shell.nix`.

Author: Well I've had too look it up as it was trolling me :D

> which are set to `-D warnings` by `shell.nix`.

Reviewer: Well, if you want to leave it in, it'll need to be reworded, since it no longer makes sense with the current content ;)

> which are set to `-D warnings` by `shell.nix`.

Author: Now it is

By default `RUSTFLAGS` contain `-D warnings` set by `shell.nix`.

> which are set to `-D warnings` by `shell.nix`.

Reviewer: "`shell.nix` sets `RUSTFLAGS` to `-D warnings`, which tells clippy to treat warnings as errors." sounds better, IMHO. Otherwise, LGTM.

> which are set to `-D warnings` by `shell.nix`.

Author: Thanks!

> \```

Reviewer: Don't forget these backslashes (they were just there to let the suggestions block be properly actionable).

See also: https://github.com/NixOS/ofborg/wiki/Operating-a-Builder

## Hacking

```
git clone https://github.com/NixOS/ofborg/
cd ofborg
nix-shell ./shell.nix

> cd ofborg # enter sub directory with Rust code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cd ofborg # enter subdirectory with Rust code
```

cargo build
cargo check
cargo test
```

> Make sure to also test with (from repository root):
> 
> ```
> nix-shell --run checkPhase -A mozilla-rust-overlay
> nix-shell --run checkPhase

Reviewer: I figure it's better to explain what each command does in the README like I did earlier.

```suggestion
Be sure to test your changes by running the following commands from the root of the repository:

\```
nix-shell --run checkPhase -A mozilla-rust-overlay # checks rustfmt and Clippy
nix-shell --run checkPhase # runs actual tests
```

(again, reflow where appropriate and remove the backslash locally...)

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
